
-------- Compatibility ----------------------------------

The toolbox should work and compile on all versions of Matlab later than 2007a.

-------- Compiling the MEX interfaces  ------------------

LTFAT comes with C Mex interfaces written for all computationally
intensitive function in the toolbox.

To compile the Mex-interfaces, type "ltfatmex" on the Matlab command
prompt. This will compile all the available mex-functions.

The Mex-files links to certain libraries, most importantly to the
LTFAT C-library. In order to compile the Mex-interfaces, you must
first have compiled the C library. If you have downloaded a binary
release for Microsoft Windows, then this library has already been
compiled for you, and you should not need to do anything else. On
Unix, the "ltfatmex" will automatically build the library if you have
installed the correct libraries.

Currently, lcc is the only supported compiler on Windows, if you use
some variant of Microsoft Visual Studio, the compilation will most
likely fail.

--------- Compiling libltfat on Microsoft windows, 32 bit --------------

By far the easiest option is to download the "ltfat-win32" binary
package from Sourceforge. This package includes a compiled version of
libltfat and FFTW, enough to compile the Matlab interfaces without
install anything else.

If you wish to compile libltfat youself, do the following:

- Download and install Mingw and MSYS from http://www.mingw.org. This
  will give you a minimal GNU environment just large enough to compile the library.

- Open an MSYS shell. All the following commands should be typed into the MSYS shell.

- Make sure that 'gcc' is in the path. Type 'which gcc'. You should
  get a message that gcc has been found and where it is. If it is not
  found, you will need to manually add it to the path. Execute a
  command similarly to the following:

     export PATH=$PATH:/c/MinGW/bin/

- Change to the ltfat/src/ directory (use the 'cd' command).

- Edit the 'Makefile' using your favorite editor. On of the first
  lines of this file is a path to the 'lcclib.exe' program shipped
  with Matlab. Make sure this path is correct.

- Type 'make winnomem' to compile the library.

The mex interfaces must be linked to some external libraries, some of
which are shipped with Matlab. However, if you have not downloaded the
binary release, you need to download the binary release of FFTW from
http://www.fftw.org/install/windows.html, and place the two .dll files
in ltfat/mex.

To finally compile the mex-interfaces, you have to type the 'ltfatmex'
command TWICE in the Matlab command window. This is because the system
path needs to be updated, which happens in between the two calls.

--------- Compiling libltfat on Linux ------------------------------------

On Linux / Unix, the "ltfatmex" script will automatically compile the
ltfat C library. You can also perform this step manually by doing the
following steps:

- Open a terminal, and change to the ltfat/src directory (using 'cd')

- Type 'make'

The mex interfaces must be linked to some external libraries, which
are all standard packages in most Linux distributions. This is the
FFTW, LAPACK and BLAS libraries:

- On Redhat / Fedora, install the packages 'fftw-devel',
  'lapack-devel' and 'blas-devel' and their dependcies.

- On Debian / Ubuntu, install the packages 'libfftw3-dev',
  'libblas-dev' and 'liblapack-dev'.
